1.which design pattern you are using in your project
2.what is the drawbacks in single ton design pattern
3.what is SOLID principles
4.what is MVC design patters
5.how to achieve thread safe in single ton design patters
6.what is the key difference between creational,structural,behavioural patterns

A design pattern is basically a reusable and generalized solution to a common problem that arises during software design and development. 
Design patterns are not specific to a particular programming language or technology instead, they provide abstract templates or blueprints 
for solving recurring design-related problems. They help software developers create well-structured, maintainable, and flexible code by promoting
best practices and proven solutions.


https://www.guru99.com/java-design-patterns-interview-questions.html
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/top-design-patterns-interview-questions/

https://www.javatpoint.com/j2ee-interview-questions

1. Early Instantiation:It is responsible for the creation of instance at load time.

2. Lazy Instantiation: It is responsible for the creation of instance when required.

21) What is the proxy pattern, and what does it do?
The term Proxy stands for an object representing another object. The proxy pattern provides a substitute or placeholder for another purpose to control access to it.
According to Gangs of four, a Proxy Pattern "provides control for accessing the original object."
We can perform many security operations like hiding the information of the original object, on-demand loading, etc.

The state design pattern is used to manage and define the state of an object,

In the chain of responsibility pattern, Sender sends a request to a chain of objects, and any object in the chain can handle the request.
example, an ATM service uses the Chain of Responsibility design pattern in monetary transactions.


Design patterns are reusable solutions to common software engineering problems. There are three types of design patterns: creational, structural, 
and behavioral12.Creational patterns deal with object creation mechanisms, trying to create objects in a manner suitable to the situation12.Structural
patterns deal with object composition12.Behavioral patterns deal with communication between objects12.