https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/mysql-interview-questions/#q43

There are various relationships, namely:

One-to-One Relationship.
One to Many Relationships.
Many to One Relationship.
Self-Referencing Relationship.



SQL commands are like instructions to a table. It is used to interact with the database with some operations.

62) What is REGEXP?
REGEXP is a pattern match using a regular expression. The regular expression is a powerful way of specifying a pattern for a sophisticated search.

To understand it better, you can think of a situation
 of daily life when you search for .txt files to list all text files in the file manager. The regex equivalent for .txt will be .*\.txt.
 
 19. How to delete a table in MySQL?
We can delete a table by using DROP TABLE statement. This statement deletes complete data of table.

DROP TABLE table-name

27. Write a statement to find duplicate rows In the MySQL table?

SQL | Constraints:
Used to specify the limit on the type of data that can be stored in a particular column in a table using constraints.
NOT NULL: This constraint tells that we cannot store a null value in a column.
UNIQUE: This constraint when specified with a column, tells that all the values in the column must be unique. 
PRIMARY KEY: A primary key is a field which can uniquely identify each row in a table. 
FOREIGN KEY: A Foreign key is a field which can uniquely identify each row in a another table. And this constraint is used to specify a field as Foreign key.
CHECK: This constraint helps to validate the values of a column to meet a particular condition
DEFAULT: This constraint specifies a default value for the column when no value is specified by the user.

12. What is a Self-Join?
A self JOIN is a case of regular join where a table is joined to itself

13. What is a Cross-Join?
Cross join can be defined as a cartesian product of the two tables included in the join. Where no.of rows in first table is multiplied by no. of rows in 2nd table.

What is index:
Indexes are used to retrieve data from the database very fast. The users cannot see the indexes, they are just used to speed up searches/queries.

18. What is a Subquery? What are its types?
A subquery is a query within another query, also known as a nested query or inner query.

ORDER BY clause in SQL is used to sort the records based on some field(s) in ascending (ASC) or descending order (DESC).
The GROUP BY is used to group the rows that have the same values.

Normalization:
It is a prcess of organizing data. It is used to avoid duplication and redundancy.
It includes the creation of tables, establishing relationships between them, and defining rules for those relationships.

Denormalization:
Denormalization is the inverse process of normalization, where the normalized schema is converted into a schema that has redundant information. 
------------------
What is a Stored Procedure?
A stored procedure is a prepared SQL code that you can save, so the code can be reused whenever needed.
So if you have an SQL query that you write over and over again, save it as a stored procedure, and then just call it to execute it.
You can also pass parameters to a stored procedure, so that the stored procedure can act based on the parameter value(s) that is passed.

Advantages:
Stored Procedure increases the performance of the applications.
Stored procedure reduces the traffic between application and database server.

Pattern Matching:
SQL pattern matching allows you to search for patterns in data if you don't know the exact word or phrase you are seeking. 

8. What is a Primary Key?
The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely identifies each row in a table. It must contain UNIQUE values and has an implicit NOT NULL constraint.
A table in SQL is strictly restricted to have one and only one primary key, which is comprised of single or multiple fields (columns).

Foreign Key:
The FOREIGN KEY constraint is a key used to link two tables together.
A FOREIGN KEY is a field (or collection of fields) in one table that refers to the PRIMARY KEY in another table.
The purpose of Foreign keys is to maintain data integrity and allow navigation between two different instances of an entity.
The table with the foreign key constraint is labeled as the child table, and the table containing the candidate key is labeled as the referenced or parent table.

Candidate key:
A Candidate Key is a column or group of columns we can use to uniquely identity a row in a table. 
There can be multiple Candidate Keys in a table, but we will pick just one of them to serve as the Primary Key of the table.

SQL	MySQL difference:
SQL stands for Structured Query Language. It is a query language that allows users to manage relational database management systems.	
MySQL is an RDBMS that can implement SQL queries to manipulate the data.
SQL is a language which is used to operate your database whereas MySQL was one of the first open-source database available in the market

34. What is User-defined function? What are its various types?
The user-defined functions in SQL are like functions in any other programming language that accept parameters, perform complex calculations, and return a value. 
Scalar Function: As explained earlier, user-defined scalar functions return a single scalar value.
Table-Valued Functions: User-defined table-valued functions return a table as output.


https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/sql-join-set-1-inner-left-right-and-full-joins/

https://www.javatpoint.com/dbms-normalization - 

SELECT StudentCourse.COURSE_ID, Student.NAME, Student.AGE FROM Student
INNER JOIN StudentCourse
ON Student.ROLL_NO = StudentCourse.ROLL_NO;

SELECT Student.NAME,StudentCourse.COURSE_ID 
FROM Student
LEFT JOIN StudentCourse 
ON StudentCourse.ROLL_NO = Student.ROLL_NO;


SELECT Student.NAME,StudentCourse.COURSE_ID 
FROM Student
RIGHT JOIN StudentCourse 
ON StudentCourse.ROLL_NO = Student.ROLL_NO;

SELECT Student.NAME,StudentCourse.COURSE_ID 
FROM Student
FULL JOIN StudentCourse 
ON StudentCourse.ROLL_NO = Student.ROLL_NO;

SELECT *
FROM table1
CROSS JOIN table2;