We worked on vnsp platform. virtual network service platform.
provisioning means deploying VNF's.
virtual network services means, firewal, roting, sdwan, security.
We deploy these VNF's firewal, routing, sdwan, security in cloud or we can go to user and deploy vnf's in user's box.
ucpe-white box/adva box
VCP-hosted Verizon cloud platform exists in verizon data center
In order to deploy these VNF's manually, we have implemented the automation.
In order, there will be multiple steps in which oreder provisioning is main.
1.Oredr collection:Our order will be like one amazon order, first order collection takes place from customer.
2.credential verification:For the provisiong, credentials are needed , which is a credential verification.
3. build infra: Assign blueprint, build infrastructure, For allocating ip address, and build pip-sites for vcp.
All the above 3 steps are pre-provisioning steps. All these are required steps before provisiong the order.
Next we do the provisioning, once provisioning is done, order is completed.
For all this flow, we have written a code.
4. For VCP orders, there will be VNS Activation.
For UCPE Orders, there will be UCPE activation.

----------------------------------------------------
Streams  - We used in our project.
collection - We used in our project.
Array list used for storing data.
we used maps for storing data.
multi threading - Already used in my project, but i have't used.
there is some data, in that i need one particular data to be filtered.  then we have to use streams to filter  and collect the required data.
ex:customer names



Kafka- messaging queue
to hold a message
we have request & reponse for a API, response is sent  from one MS(ProvMS) TO another MS(RMMS), but RMMS doesn't want the response now only, then
the response will be stored in kafka queue.Later whenever response is required by RMMS, then it will take it from kafka.
-------------------------------
Project 1: Virtual Network Service Platform (VNSP)  is a framework that thrives on automating VNF deployments on various platforms.
VNF's are virtual network functions. Some of the VNF's supported by verizon are like Firewall, Routing, Security and SDWWAN.
Each VNF has a diff vendor. Firewall,- palo alto, sdwan-versa and viptela, routing-cisco csr.
       Virtual domain, a part of Service Fulfillment, broadly comprises of two platforms: Virtual network services platform, and Dynamic 
	   network management platform. Virtual network services platform does provisioning virtual network services for enterprise customers, as part of
	   which Virtual network functions (VNF) are deployed on On-Prem & Cloud infrastructure. Dynamic network management platform allows for network management, 
	   and provides secure connectivity of customer sites to public cloud.
 
 Technologies Used: 
             Java, Spring Boot, Microservice, Maven, Oracle SQL Developer, RHPAM, Kafka, Redis.
			 
			 This project is related to virtualizing the orchestration of various Network Functions. We do have four deployment models – Premise, Hosted, 
			 Azure and AWS. Mostly our team will support Premise and Hosted.
			 
We have 2 types of orders:			 
ucpe-white box/adva vendor
VCP-hosted Verizon cloud platform exists in verizon data center

We deploy VNF's firewal, routing, sdwan, security in cloud or we can go to user and deploy vnf's in user's box.
In order to deploy these VNF's , we have implemented the automation.

VNSP Order Flow:
Order:is a service request raised by customer for Network services consisting of VNF's
Order creation: VZ person creates order on behalf of customer
Order Collection:Order is received in form of bod xml(Deploment model, customer info, request,VNF's)
BOD xml is parsed and order is processed and persist in DB.
VNS Cred verification:
Fetch credentials from ESP which is external entity
Build Infra:Assign blueprint, build infrastructure, For allocating ip address, 
Order Provisioning:Used to build infrastructure, provision the resources and instantiate VNF's.

In order processing, there will be multiple steps in which order provisioning is main.
So for order provisioning there are some pre-requisites needed which are called as pre-provisioning steps. 
1.Order collection:Our order will be like one amazon order, first order collection takes place from customer.
2.credential verification:For the provisiong, credentials are needed , which is a credential verification. Fetching credentials from ESP, which is an external entity.
3. build infra: Assign blueprint, build infrastructure, For allocating ip address, and build pip-sites for vcp.
All the above 3 steps are pre-provisioning steps. All these are required steps before provisiong the order. And this is called pre-provisioning.
Next we do the provisioning, once provisioning is done, order is completed.
After completing build infra, order will be ready for provisioning.
For all this flow, we have written a code.
4. For VCP orders, there will be VNS Activation.
For UCPE Orders, there will be UCPE activation.

There is also another feature called supplementary order. SUPP orders are placed by useer when they need any change on the install order(Base order)
S1-cancel order
S2- due date change
S3- Apart from s1 & s2. Provisioning impact. Like license change, capacity change, service level change, vnf change, vendor change etc.
service level-core, essential, complete
SUPP cannot be placed on managed orders.

Install order - base order
change order - already install order there, and user places SUPP on it
change market - If user wants to change order from one location to another then they place change market. change market is only for VCP orders. 
We have different locations like ashburn, richardson etc for vcp orders.

When we recive a SUPP, we have to do validate supp:
-Whether it is supp or not
-which type of supp it is like s1, s2 or s3.


